# Neuroscience for Mental Health

I would like to create this repository to save meaningful and important notes associated with neuroscience-supported mental health advices. This initiative could expand our insight into what we do as researchers in this domain. Thus, it could be very helpful for people around the world. As a researcher in computational neuroscience, I struggle to understand complex problems and find reliable solutions for enhancing our understanding of the brain. I know what failure feels like when studying complicated topics related to the brain and its functions. In my opinion, this is quite normal since biology is a very intriguing domain. Furthermore, the information we collect about the brain is always indirect due to the limitations of neuroimaging technologies. We can only try to create abstract representations of the processes within the brain. However, it is still possible to discover interesting concepts that bridge the gap between biological data and psychological well-being.

My aim is to create an inspiring ecosystem that supports researchers’ motivation and helps them sustain their efforts with hope. Every study and even the smallest finding can be a potentially important hint when dealing with the mysteries of the human brain. We stand at the intersection of biology, psychology, mathematics, and statistics. The vast amount of information we must process can sometimes obscure our insight into what we are truly doing for science, ourselves, and humanity. Most of the time, we are lost in the flow of research and forget the true driving force that motivated our efforts before diving into complex problems. This situation is risky, because as human beings, the most important thing that separates us from artificial intelligence is our capacity to carry meaning, curiosity, values, and purpose into what we create. Therefore, I want you to ask these questions to yourself before 
 -
